some final tasks before release (#625)
lumicks/pylake: docs/tutorial/kymographs.rst

.. image:: figures/kymographs/kymo_cropped.png

> If we know the bead diameter, we can also do this automatically using :meth:`~lumicks.pylake.kymo.Kymo.crop_beads()`.

Reviewer: I think it's good anytime talking about this functionality we reinforce that it's an estimate and not guaranteed to be 100% accurate in all cases
```suggestion
If we know the bead diameter, we can automatically crop the kymo to an estimate of the bead edges using :meth:`~lumicks.pylake.kymo.Kymo.crop_beads()`.
```
